In this section of the course
we're focusing on operators and decision constructs.
A Java programme is made up of expressions and statements.
Expressions are formed with operators
and variables to manipulate data.
Statements manipulate the flow of the programme.
Operators are the glue that hold expressions together.
An expression can have one, two or many operands
joined by an operator to generate some change to the data.
So specifically, in this section of the course,
we're gonna be focusing as I mentioned
on operators and decision constructs.
So we'll look at Java operators,
including the use of parenthesis
to override operator precedence.
We'll look at Java control statements,
including if, else and switch.
And then we'll start looking at creating and using
do/while, while, for
and for each loops, including nested loops,
using break and continue statements.
All right, so let's get started.